c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\Console.Logic.Tests.dll
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\Console.Logic.Tests.pdb
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\Calculator.Logic.dll
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\Calculator.Logic.pdb
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.xml
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\obj\Debug\Console.Logic.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\obj\Debug\Console.Logic.Tests.dll
c:\users\mcarr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Calculator\Console.Logic.Tests\obj\Debug\Console.Logic.Tests.pdb
